Update README that this repo is retired. (#19)
AdoptOpenJDK/openjdk8-upstream-binaries: README.md

# Discontinued: OpenJDK Upstream Binaries (JDK 8u)

> Release scripts and builds archive of former OpenJDK Project builds that are discontinued as of the July 2022 CPU release. No more releases will be provided. Please migrate to a different release such as [Eclipse Temurin](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=8).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains the release scripts and builds archive of former OpenJDK Project builds that were discontinued as of the July 2022 CPU release. No more releases will be provided. Please migrate to a different release such as [Eclipse Temurin](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=8).
```
